hello and welcome to the vegan corner
here you have our recipe for a renowned
Japanese preparation miso soup this dish
as we mentioned in our recipe for dashi
stock is all but vegan as one of its
ingredients is fish we know how people
love this soup so we decided to turn it
into a fat free vegan delicacy we also
wanted to point out that making miso
soup better than any standard Japanese
restaurant is that easy as they usually
prepare it by mixing a small bag of
instant dashi stock with water which is
quite far from being healthy the
ingredient list for this savory soup is
in the description down below to begin
with let's rehydrate the seaweed and
place it into a small bowl and cover it
with cold water within 10 minutes the
few small pieces of dehydrated wakame
will transform into big leaves drain the
seaweed and remove the edible part from
the central veins which are quite hard
and not very pleasant to eat chop the
seaweed into smaller pieces
I'll take a spring onion and slice it
into small round pieces next ingredient
to add is the tofu you can use as much
as you want of it as it is mainly needed
for presentations purposes however we
like to add the very little soul food to
our soup and to cut it into tiny small
dices what can I say
we are perfectionists now to the main
ingredient of the dish the actual soup
heat the dashi stock until it starts
steaming and you see small bubbles
forming on the bottom of the pan now
turn off the heat and stir in the miso
how much me so you might ask well add it
a little at a time until the soup has
the level of savoriness that matches
with your personal taste
now miso is very difficult to dissolve
in water and it also often contains some
bigger pieces which are not desirable
into the final soup to solve this
problem
we are using a miso strainer for this
task called needs Akashi in Japan if you
do not have this piece of equipment you
can simply use a small fine mesh sieve
or a tea strainer but if you do not have
a Japanese missus strainer then what are
you playing at everyone has a miso
coffee at home right the variety of
different miso available seems infinite
however the most popular ones are red
miso and white miso
red miso being the words most utilized
to prepare miso soup
now let's put the pieces together to
create the final soup for the sake of
demonstration we are making a single
portion here by using a small ceramic
Japanese bowl as it is cute and
appropriate however if you have a larger
appetite don't be shy and use a salad
bowl instead the first thing to go in
are the onions followed by the seaweed
now add the tofu and simply pour in the
soup to complete the dish
here is the final miso soup full of
flavor
and packed with umami in case you have a
savory tooth this dish will surely
satisfy it as it is considered one of
the most delicious food ever invented
the phenomenal taste makes it the
perfect starter for any meal thanks for
watching this video and if your mouth is
watering simply hit the like button and
we can guarantee it will stop
immediately not lying to the next recipe